fix(platform): trim labels (#32015)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

- ESLint dependencies will have the label `linting`
- All other dependencies will have the label `dependencies`

<!-- prettier-ignore -->

> !!! note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning
```

Maybe a `warning` type admonition is better?

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to use warning here

>     Make sure your labels do not exceed the maximum character limit specified by the platform you are on.
>     We generally truncate labels at 50 characters except for Gitlab which have a 255 character limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Keep your labels within the maximum character limit for your Git hosting platform.
    Renovate usually truncates labels to 50 characters, except for GitLab, which has a 255 character limit.
```

The `labels` array is non-mergeable, meaning if multiple `packageRules` match then Renovate uses the last value for `labels`.
If you want to add/combine labels, use the `addLabels` config option, which is mergeable.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->

> !!! note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning
```

Same as above.

>     Make sure your labels do not exceed the maximum character limit specified by the platform you are on.
>     We generally truncate labels at 50 characters except for Gitlab which have a 255 character limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Keep your labels within the maximum character limit for your Git hosting platform.
    Renovate usually truncates labels to 50 characters, except for GitLab, which has a 255 character limit.
```

Same as above.
